# Computer Vision RPS

Firstly, created a GitHub respository for the Rock Paper Scissors game. Then used Teachable-Machine to create a model of images for the rock, paper and scissors signs. These were then downloaded and uploaded to GitHub to use in our code to come. We will use these images to create an interactive game of Rock Paper Scissors where the player plays against the computer using the camera. Each class will represent an action made by the user. Using further dependecies and libraries we will be able to model the game. 

First started off with importing the random module which will be used in the computer choice whereby a random option will be picked by the computer between rock, paper and scissors. Defined our first function called get_computer_choice which randomly picked an option and returns said option. Then a function called get_user_choice was defined which asked the user for input and checks if this input belongs to "rock", "paper" or "scissors". If so, then it returns the user's choice. Then the function to get a winner was created which runs a series of if-elif statements which tells the computer what to print depending on what the corresponding options of the computer and user are.

A new file was created to incorporate the model of the images and use of the camera instead of the hard coded user guess. Namely, a function called get_prediction was made to hold the output of the image. Usage of the argmax function to obtain the index of the greatest confidence level was used and the corresponding rock, paper, scissors or nothing was returned to the terminal. The sign which was returned then compared this to the computer choice to output whether or not the user won the game or lost the game. 

A variable was created which held the number of lives the computer and user has. So either computer or user could only win a maximum number of three times and the program would keep running until either of these conditions were met. For further improvements a class could be created to list all these functions and then play the game through making an instance. Even further improving the experience of the game by including a choice of the user whether they would like to continue or not. 
